Add missing BindableAttribute information for C++/WinRT data binding in Windows App SDK documentation (#5600)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/apps/develop/data-binding/data-binding-in-depth.md

<Button Content="{Binding ...}" ... />
```

If you're using C++/WinRT, then you'll need to add the [**BindableAttribute**](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.bindableattribute) attribute to any runtime class that you want to use the [{Binding}](/windows/uwp/xaml-platform/binding-markup-extension) markup extension with.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > If you're using C++/WinRT, then the [**BindableAttribute**](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.bindableattribute) attribute is available if you've installed the Windows SDK version 10.0.17763.0 (Windows 10, version 1809), or later. Without that attribute, you'll need to implement the [ICustomPropertyProvider](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.icustompropertyprovider) and [ICustomProperty](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.icustomproperty) interfaces in order to be able to use the [{Binding}](/windows/uwp/xaml-platform/binding-markup-extension) markup extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're using C++/WinRT, then the [**BindableAttribute**](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.bindableattribute) attribute is available with Windows App SDK. Without that attribute, you'll need to implement the [ICustomPropertyProvider](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.icustompropertyprovider) and [ICustomProperty](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.icustomproperty) interfaces in order to be able to use the [{Binding}](/windows/uwp/xaml-platform/binding-markup-extension) markup extension.
```

### Binding object declared using {Binding}

If you're using C++/WinRT then, to use the [{Binding}](/windows/uwp/xaml-platform/binding-markup-extension) markup extension, you'll need to add the [**BindableAttribute**](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.bindableattribute) attribute to any runtime class that you want to bind to. To use [{x:Bind}](/windows/uwp/xaml-platform/x-bind-markup-extension), you don't need that attribute.

```cppwinrt
// HostViewModel.idl
// Add this attribute:
[Microsoft.UI.Xaml.Data.Bindable]
runtimeclass HostViewModel : Microsoft.UI.Xaml.Data.INotifyPropertyChanged
{
    HostViewModel();
    String NextButtonText;
}
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > If you're using C++/WinRT, then the [**BindableAttribute**](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.bindableattribute) attribute is available if you've installed the Windows SDK version 10.0.17763.0 (Windows 10, version 1809), or later. Without that attribute, you'll need to implement the [ICustomPropertyProvider](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.icustompropertyprovider) and [ICustomProperty](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.icustomproperty) interfaces in order to be able to use the [{Binding}](/windows/uwp/xaml-platform/binding-markup-extension) markup extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're using C++/WinRT, then the [**BindableAttribute**](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.bindableattribute) attribute is available with Windows App SDK. Without that attribute, you'll need to implement the [ICustomPropertyProvider](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.icustompropertyprovider) and [ICustomProperty](/windows/windows-app-sdk/api/winrt/microsoft.ui.xaml.data.icustomproperty) interfaces in order to be able to use the [{Binding}](/windows/uwp/xaml-platform/binding-markup-extension) markup extension.
```
